README.md, before:

# Hey there,<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="25px"> I'm Sandip Rijal.

## I am fullstack developer from Nepal, currently specializing graphql(MERN) app.

- I am currently learning and practicing rust and blockchain from scratch.
- Things on my plate later - Microservices and Devops.
- All my projects are available here.
- You can ask me about React, Nodejs & javascript.
- sandurijal03@hotmail.com is a way to connect with me.

### Language and Tools

<a href="https://javascript.info/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="javascript"></a>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" alt="react" /> </a>
<a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white" alt="redux" /> </a>
<a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" alt="nextjs" /></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="html5" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="css3" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.styled-components.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white" alt="styled-components" /></a>
<a href="https://material-ui.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Material--UI-0081CB?style=for-the-badge&logo=material-ui&logoColor=white" alt="material-ui" /></a>
<a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" alt="nodejs" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.expressjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" alt="expressjs" /> </a>
<a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/graphql-e535ab?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white" alt="graphql" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.apollographql.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/apollo-162A45?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo%20graphql&logoColor=white" alt="apollo" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" alt="mongodb" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="postgresql" /> </a>
<a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jest-92414E?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white" alt="jest" /> </a>
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="git" /> </a>
<a href="https://npmjs.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white" alt="npm" /> </a>
<a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/postman-E95723?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white" alt="postman" /> </a>
<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white" alt="postman" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linux-E79A00?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" alt="linux" /> </a>

### GitHub Stats

![Sandip Rijal Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sandurijal03&show_icons=true)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sandurijal03)

Commit message:

added typescript and edited some content

README.md, after:

# Hey there,<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="25px"> I'm Sandip Rijal.

## I am fullstack developer from Nepal, currently specializing system programming with rust.

- I am currently learning and practicing rust with neovim.
- Things on my plate later - Build Everything with rust.
- All my projects are available here.
- You can ask me about React, Nodejs, Javascript, Typescript.
- sandurijal03@hotmail.com is a way to connect with me.

### Language and Tools

<a href="https://javascript.info/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="javascript"></a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-003c63?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=black" alt="typescript"></a>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" alt="react" /> </a>
<a href="https://redux.js.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white" alt="redux" /> </a>
<a href="https://nextjs.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" alt="nextjs" /></a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="html5" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="css3" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.styled-components.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/styled--components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white" alt="styled-components" /></a>
<a href="https://material-ui.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Material--UI-0081CB?style=for-the-badge&logo=material-ui&logoColor=white" alt="material-ui" /></a>
<a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" alt="nodejs" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.expressjs.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" alt="expressjs" /> </a>
<a href="https://graphql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/graphql-e535ab?style=for-the-badge&logo=graphql&logoColor=white" alt="graphql" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.apollographql.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/apollo-162A45?style=for-the-badge&logo=apollo%20graphql&logoColor=white" alt="apollo" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" alt="mongodb" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" alt="postgresql" /> </a>
<a href="https://jestjs.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jest-92414E?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white" alt="jest" /> </a>
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="git" /> </a>
<a href="https://npmjs.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white" alt="npm" /> </a>
<a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/postman-E95723?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white" alt="postman" /> </a>
<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white" alt="postman" /> </a>
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linux-E79A00?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" alt="linux" /> </a>

### GitHub Stats

![Sandip Rijal Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sandurijal03&show_icons=true)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sandurijal03)
